h1. Editorial Trial system

Editorial trial system sets up a trial run of the wordpress theme by setting up an entirely separate wordpress system for each user. It is built on node.js, mysql and uses zombie.js to automate wordpress installations.

A cron is running (decided against using _gearman_ or some such system so that does not become a dependancy - since they are not very wide spread on regular hosting providers) and takes 2 new trials and sets them up, sending an email to the user with the link and password.

After a week an email "Are you happy with our theme" email is sent, and another a day before the trial runs out.

On the last day the content is exported and the file is sent to the user. Everything is deleted from the database and the filesystem.

All trials are within one database using trial id prefixes (consisting of 5 random character and numbers).

h2. Overview of folders and files

* *config.js.dist* - self explanatory
* *files/* - an entire wordpress installation is extracted and prepared with the editorial theme already extracted in the appropriate folder under _themes_
* *package.json* - trial dependencies
* *trial/* - contains all trials, trial.editorialtemplate.com points here
* *trial.js* - main file

h2. Installation

Node.js is required to run the trial system. All dependencies can be installed via NPM.

<pre>
$ npm install
</pre>

h2. Runing

Trial system is run by a cron, but you can run it by hand by issuing the following command.

<pre>$ node trial.js</pre>